Let Safety Supervision "virtue rises ten" (people's Review)
让安全监管“道高一丈”（人民时评）
In life, many people encounter such troubles: as soon as students sign up for the exam, tutoring organizations come to the door; sign up for a website account and receive harassing text messages; from baby products to preschool education, sales calls and children grow up. Harassing phone calls, information disclosure is unbearable.
生活中，不少人遇到这样的苦恼：学生刚报名参加考试，辅导机构就找上门来；注册了某网站账户，从此不断收到骚扰短信；从婴儿用品到学前教育，推销电话和孩子成长如影随形……骚扰电话、信息泄露令人不堪其扰。
Recently, a reporter "undercover" harassed the phone source enterprises, opened an underground black industry chain.
近日，有记者“卧底”骚扰电话源头企业，揭开了一条地下黑色产业链。
Some telemarketers believe in "one big order, three years to eat and wear". On average, they can dial 250 numbers every 40 minutes and make 2000 calls a day. Some training institutions carry out a complete set of "telephone" training for salesmen in order to improve the rate of single items. Some training institutions even introduce "AI calls" and click on the mouse to automatically make calls through the software. Harassment calls are "refurbished", suggesting that all kinds of violations of information security will "evolve" with technological advances.
有的电话推销员信奉“一个大单，三年吃穿”，平均每40分钟能拨出250个号码，一天打2000个电话；有的培训机构为提高中单率，对推销员进行整套“话术”培训；甚至还有培训机构引入“AI呼叫”，点击鼠标就能通过软件自动拨打电话……骚扰电话“花样翻新”，说明各种侵害信息安全的行为也会随着技术进步而“不断进化”。
Information security governance is always on the way to protect the people's sense of security in the information age.
信息安全治理永远在路上，才能在信息时代守护老百姓的安全感。
In the network era of interconnection, the collection and recording of personal information is very common, which not only provides conditions for the expansion of network applications, but also puts forward higher requirements for personal information security.
置身互联互通的网络时代，个人信息的采集与记录十分普遍，这为拓展网络应用提供了条件，同时也为个人信息安全提出了更高要求。
In the era of big data, data has become a kind of resource. Through the collection of personal information, we can analyze consumption habits and user preferences, and construct a new business model by mining the intrinsic value of data.
在大数据时代，数据成为一种资源，通过收集个人信息可以分析消费习惯、用户偏好，并通过挖掘数据的内在价值构建新的商业模式。
Your information, his business; your data, his resources.
你的信息，他的生意；你的数据，他的资源。
Therefore, driven by interests, a black industry chain of illegal information collection, information disclosure and information reselling has been extended.
于是在利益的驱动下，一条非法信息收集、信息泄露、信息倒卖的黑色产业链一直在延伸。
In terms of regulation, it is important to maintain a high sword and sustained deterrence.
从监管来说，  保持利剑高悬、持续震慑非常重要。
At the beginning of this year, the Central Network Information Office, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, and the General Administration of Market Supervision organized and carried out special measures to collect and use personal information in violation of laws and regulations by APP; not long ago, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued a "Special Action Plan for the Telecommunications and Internet Industry to enhance the ability of Network data Security and Protection," proposing to complete the data security inspection of all basic telecommunications enterprises, 50 key Internet enterprises, and 200 mainstream APP by the end of October this year.
今年初，中央网信办、工信部、公安部、市场监管总局组织开展了APP违法违规收集使用个人信息的专项治理；前不久，工信部印发《电信和互联网行业提升网络数据安全保护能力专项行动方案》，提出在今年10月底前完成全部基础电信企业、50家重点互联网企业以及200款主流APP的数据安全检查。
The continuous strengthening of governance and the linkage of various departments have demonstrated the country's determination to protect data security.
治理力度不断加大，各个部门联动，彰显了国家保护数据安全的决心。
It should also be noted that network technology is changing with each passing day, new technologies and new applications emerge in endlessly, and all kinds of illegal acts will also use new technologies to evolve "new varieties." this requires continuous follow-up and iterative innovation of relevant regulatory measures to ensure that "as vice rises one foot, virtue rises ten."
也要看到，网络技术日新月异，新技术新应用层出不穷，各种违法行为也会利用新技术进化出“新变种”，这就需要相关监管措施持续跟进、迭代创新，确保“魔高一尺，道高一丈”   。
At the same time, to ensure information security and data security, we should also form a situation of co-governance among the government, enterprises and society.
与此同时，确保信息安全、数据安全，还应该形成政府、企业和社会共治的局面。
Especially the platform enterprises, because of mastering a large number of data interfaces, especially need to take up the responsibility of data security.
尤其是平台型企业，由于掌握大量的数据接口，尤其需要担起数据安全的责任。
According to the reporter's investigation found that a large search enterprise clearly marked price, a personal information "purchase price" about 100-150 yuan, and some people even claimed that "after filling in the phone information, the information will come to your side immediately." If the platform enterprise does not fulfill its own responsibility, the first pass of data security is equal to the loss.
据记者调查发现，某大型搜索企业明码标价，一条个人信息的“进价”约100—150元，甚至有人声称“填过电话信息以后，信息马上就会到您那边。”平台型企业如果不履行自身责任，数据安全的第一道关口就等于失守。
In fact, China's Consumer Rights and interests Protection Law clearly stipulates that operators should follow the principles of legality, legitimacy and necessity in collecting and using consumer personal information, express the purpose, method and scope of collecting and using information, and obtain the consent of consumers.
事实上，我国消费者权益保护法明确规定，经营者收集、使用消费者个人信息，应当遵循合法、正当、必要的原则，明示收集、使用信息的目的、方式和范围，并经消费者同意。
Platform enterprises, like the data reservoir in the era of big data, should make use of data resources to carry out business model innovation on the basis of legal compliance, and can not make black-hearted money and illegal money by divulging information.
平台型企业如同大数据时代的数据蓄水池，应该在合法合规的基础上利用数据资源开展商业模式创新，而不能用泄露信息的方式赚黑心钱、违法钱。
Data, such as water, should not only maximize its value, but also build a safe dyke.
数据如水，既要最大限度挖掘其价值，也应筑牢安全的堤坝。
To build digital China, we should not only develop the world's leading digital economy, but also form the corresponding data security system.
建设数字中国，既要发展世界领先的数字经济，也要形成相应的数据安全制度。
Only when it is safe can it last for a long time, and only then can it be stable and far away.
唯有安全，方可长久，方可行稳致远。
People's Daily (2019 Aug. 23 05 Edition)
《 人民日报 》（ 2019年08月23日 05 版）
(editor: Niu Yong, Yue Hongbin)
(责编：牛镛、岳弘彬)
